Add docs about configuring Json formatters (#11923)
aspnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/web-api/advanced/formatting.md

If your application needs to support additional formats beyond the default of JSON, you can add NuGet packages and configure MVC to support them. There are separate formatters for input and output. Input formatters are used by [Model Binding](xref:mvc/models/model-binding); output formatters are used to format responses. You can also configure [Custom Formatters](xref:web-api/advanced/custom-formatters).

::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-3.0"

### Configure System.Text.Json-based formatters

> Features for the `System.Text.Json`-based formatters can be configured using <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.MvcOptions.SerializerOptions>.

Reviewer: Is `SerializerOptions` a new API in 3.0? I ask because this xref link doesn't work.

Author: Yes, this would be new in 3.0.

Reviewer: I've removed the link until the 3.0 APIs have been published.

```csharp
services.AddMvc()
    .AddNewtonsoftJson();
```

Some features may not work well with `System.Text.Json`-based formatters and require a reference to the `Newtonsoft.Json`-based formatters for the ASP.NET Core 3.0
release. Continue using the `Newtonsoft.Json`-based formatters if your ASP.NET Core 3.0 or later app:

* Uses `Newtonsoft.Json` attributes (for example, `[JsonProperty]` or `[JsonIgnore]`), customizes the serialization settings, or relies on features that `Newtonsoft.Json` provides.
* Configures <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.JsonResult.SerializerSettings>. Prior to 3.0, `JsonResult.SerializerSettings` accepts an instance of `JsonSerializerSettings` that is specific to `Newtonsoft.Json`.
* Generates [OpenAPI](<xref:tutorials/web-api-help-pages-using-swagger>) documentation.

::: moniker-end

### Add XML format support

> To add XML formatting support, install the [Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Xml](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Xml/) NuGet package.

Author: How does this look?

Add the XML serializer formatters to MVC's configuration in `Startup.ConfigureServices`:

[!code-csharp[](./formatting/sample/Startup.cs?name=snippet1&highlight=2)]

> These two approaches will serialize results using `System.Xml.Serialization.XmlSerializer`. If you prefer, you can use the `System.Runtime.Serialization.DataContractSerializer` by adding its associated formatter in `Startup.ConfigureServices`:

Reviewer: It isn't clear to my what the 2 approaches are. Can this be clarified?

Author: I copied the text from before, but yeah, one of those isn't really correct.

::: moniker range=">= aspnetcore-3.0"

### Configuring System.Text.Json based formatters

Features for the System.Text.Json based formatters can be configured using <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.MvcOptions.SerializerOptions>.

```csharp
services.AddMvc(options =>
{
    options.SerializerOptions.WriterSettings.Indented = true;
});
```

### Adding Newtonsoft.Json based JSON Format Support

Prior to ASP.NET Core 3.0, MVC defaulted to using JSON formatters implemented using the `Newtonsoft.Json` package. In 3.0 and later, the default JSON formatters are based on System.Text.Json. Support for `Newtonsoft.Json` based formatters and features is available by installing the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.NewtonsoftJson` NuGet package and configuring it as part of the application startup.

```csharp
services.AddMvc()
    .AddNewtonsoftJson();
```

Some features may not work very well with System.Text.Json based formatters and require a reference to the Newtonsoft.Json based formatters for the ASP.NET Core 3.0
release. Here are some reasons to continue using the Newtonsoft.Json based formatters in your ASP.NET Core 3.0 applications:

> * Your application uses Newtonsoft.Json attributes (e.g. `JsonProperty`, `JsonIgnore` etc), customizes the serialization settings , or relies on features that

Author: cc @rynowak

Newtonsoft.Json provides.
* Your application extensively uses <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.JsonResult>. `JsonResult` is a Newtonsoft.Json specific `IActionResult` and will not work without a reference to it.
* Your application generates [OpenAPI](<xref:tutorials/web-api-help-pages-using-swagger>) documentation.

::: moniker-end

### Adding XML Format Support

To add support for XML formatting, install the `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.Formatters.Xml` NuGet package.

> Add the XmlSerializerFormatters to MVC's configuration in *Startup.cs*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the XML serializer formatters to MVC's configuration in `Startup.ConfigureServices`:
```

```csharp
services.AddMvc(options =>
{
    options.SerializerOptions.WriterSettings.Indented = true;
});
```

### Add Newtonsoft.Json-based JSON format support

Prior to ASP.NET Core 3.0, MVC defaulted to using JSON formatters implemented using the `Newtonsoft.Json` package. In ASP.NET Core 3.0 or later, the default JSON formatters are based on `System.Text.Json`. Support for `Newtonsoft.Json`-based formatters and features is available by installing the [Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.NewtonsoftJson](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.NewtonsoftJson/) NuGet package and configuring it in `Startup.ConfigureServices`.

```csharp
services.AddMvc()
    .AddNewtonsoftJson();
```

Some features may not work well with `System.Text.Json`-based formatters and require a reference to the `Newtonsoft.Json`-based formatters for the ASP.NET Core 3.0
release. Continue using the `Newtonsoft.Json`-based formatters if your ASP.NET Core 3.0 or later app:

* Uses `Newtonsoft.Json` attributes (for example, `[JsonProperty]` or `[JsonIgnore]`), customizes the serialization settings, or relies on features that `Newtonsoft.Json` provides.

> * Configures <xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.JsonResult.SerializerSettings>. Prior to 3.0, `JsonResult.SerializerSettings` accepts an instance of `JsonSerializerSettings` that is specific to Newtonsoft.Json.

Author: @scottaddie tweaked this line a bit.
